Lu Xueqing
You come out
Lu Xueqing is presumptuous
How dare you leave home
Call the lady by her name
Hurry up and call Lu Xueqing out
Shut up
Lu Xueqing Lin Nian misses you
What's the nerve?
What is this for?
No, I promised mom
We can't expose Luoxue Qing's identity
Luoxue Qing, my mother is seriously ill in the hospital
She grew up watching you
Now my last wish is to see you again
I beg you to come to the hospital with me
Fulfill her last wish
I beg you
Lin Niannian
I didn't expect you to beg me, I beg you
Come with me!
Asking for help requires an attitude of asking for help.
I want you to kneel for me
If you don't kneel, don't blame me for not accompanying you, wait a minute
Can you go see mom with me now?
Haha, Harlem Nian
You really are Lin Hong's silly daughter.
As naive as him
Lin Hong is just a servant of our Luo family
What is he?
You accompany me to see him
Don't worry.
After he's dead?
I'll burn him some paper money
Luo Xueqing
Luo Xueqing, come back to me Luo Xueqing
Mom
Mom, wake up
Mom, I'm Nian Nian
Mom
I learned a song
Grandpa sings to you
God
The stars above
Do not speak
Heart doll
Miss mom
Grandpa thought of his mother's words